About us:

The University Hospital Zurich (UHZ) is open to all patients every day and provides fundamental medical care and cutting-edge medicine in a central location in Zurich. We use our superior academic knowledge to treat a wide range of health issues, taking a personal touch and utilizing highly specialized and up-to-date research.

Broad and specialized range of services:

Each year, we treat around 41,000 inpatients and have over 500,000 outpatient visits at our 44 departments and institutes. Our employees guarantee comprehensive and individualized medical support even beyond their specific disciplines. With 950 hospital beds and close to 300,000 inpatient days, UHZ is one of the largest hospitals in Switzerland.

At the forefront of research:

We research the latest treatment methods and apply them according to strict scientific criteria. We are the sole provider of many therapies in Switzerland. Patients with complex and multiple health problems travel from all over the country and abroad to be treated here. The percentage of patients with complex diseases is particularly high at the UHZ.

Exceptional network:

With regard to research and education, the UHZ is closely affiliated with the University of Zurich's medical school and laboratories. We have numerous collaborative projects with ETH Zurich. This puts the University Hospital Zurich at the forefront of medical research in Switzerland and enjoys an excellent international reputation. Our professors travel worldwide to congresses in order to exchange experience and expertise.

Team diversity:

More than 7,800 employees from 87 countries work at the University Hospital Zurich. They include 1,400 doctors, 2,500 highly trained nursing professionals and 800 medico-therapeutic and medico-technical employees. In addition, around 2,000 employees in non-medical and support areas such as finance, IT, facility management and catering. At the UHZ, a total of 120 occupations are represented by more than 500 roles.